[Autogenerated] Okay,
so let's go ahead and dive into pushing custom logs and
metrics to are CloudWatch services.
Now, I did a little bit of some preemptive work here,
and I just wanna walk you through that before we actually get started.
Now I'm demo ing on an e c two server,
but I'm going to treat it as though it's an on premise server that
we're configuring the CloudWatch Agent four.
And when we do this, there's a few differences than using easy to itself.
The first thing we had to do is create, and I am username.
And you could see I name this user CloudWatch agent and I attached the
AWS managed policy of CloudWatch agent server policy.
So this allows anyone with these user credentials to publish
to CloudWatch with the CloudWatch agent.
I then created some security credentials to
configure on our instantiate later use.
And then I save those so I can enter them here in
this clip coming up in a second.
So you have to do that on your own time.
But for now, let's just go ahead and get started.
And just so you know,
I am going to include a text file with helpful steps and
documents so you can get this going yourself.
So I started this easy to instance, which I'm SSH to into here Now,
First things first.
We have to go ahead and download our RPM package with our CloudWatch agent.
And once that's done,
I'll go ahead and I'm going to install it using my RPM installer.
the next step we have to take is we need to install and configure our AWS CLI.
Now I'm on Amazon Linux too, so it's already installed for me.
But if you're running this on a true on premise server,
you'll need to download it and install it on your machines.
Now, after it's downloaded and installed,
we need to run an A W s configure for our specific profile.
And that profile is the Amazon CloudWatch agent.
Now, I already ran through here and did this,
so I already have my access keys in place as well as my defaults.
But you'll need to enter your access and secret keys that
you created for your user in I am Now,
this profile right here is extremely important,
and by that I mean the spelling.
So it's case sensitive, so make sure you fill that out Exactly how it is now,
After we've installed both the CloudWatch agent and installed and configured
the A W s CLI we have to go ahead and create our config file.
Now,
this CONFIG file is what's used by the CloudWatch agent to know where it
should push data as well as what data and needs to push.
Now,
you can manually edit this file or you can also run a
wizard provided to you by a W s.
So a good idea might be to go ahead and run the wizard once generate your JSON
config file and then store that somewhere like S S M in order to import in
future instances that you spin up that way you can automate it in some fashion
as opposed to manually creating this.
So let's run this wizard.
You can see it starts The CONFIG manager were installing this on Linux.
I'm going to say this is an on premise server,
not an easy to well run it as root which I don't recommend.
But for the sake of this demo will go ahead and do that.
We will start stats.
D will run it on the default port and I'll accept the defaults for these.
I'm not going to do collect d because that breaks this startup and
I'm going to accept the defaults on most of these.
So we're monitoring host metrics as well as CPU metrics per core.
We'll do the default resolution and aggregation.
We'll do basic metrics.
But you can see we can do standard advanced or none as well.
And I'm going to say yes.
I'm happy with this config.
Now, we do not have an existing CONFIG file,
but this is where we can import from S S M if we needed to.
Let's go ahead.
And I do want to monitor Cem log files.
So let's just do our secure log file Now it's gonna go
ahead and create a log group of secure and then the
stream name will be our host name.
So it should be our instance I p and region No,
to additional logs and no to S S M.
So now it's exited.
Well, that's great.
But now what do we do now?
I want to go ahead and start our CloudWatch agent.
So I'm gonna run this command here,
you can see we're running as pseudo I'm pointing to our binary.
So we're running our CloudWatch Agent control.
Been file.
We have this dash a fetch config, and this is saying,
Hey,
make sure you go and update or grab the most recent update of our config file.
We're specifying it's an on premise mode and then we specify our config file,
which is the default path that's used with that
config agent that we just ran through.
And then Dash s starts the agent and there we go.
It's pretty quick.
You can see it started everything up.
Now, after this runs, I wanna verify it's running successfully.
So let me tail the log file and you can actually see
we're getting some errors now.
This is because since I'm treating this E c two as an on premise,
it's looking for role credentials like a typical e c two application would use.
So I needed to do one more thing.
I need to edit a config file and specify a provider.
Now,
you won't have to do this if you're truly
configuring on an actual on prem server.
So let me go ahead and edit that really quickly.
And I'm just gonna edit this credential section.
You can see I'm specifying my profile that I created as well as my
brute credentials file that we set up earlier.
Now, if I run this startup command again, it should restart the service.
There we go.
And let's run that tail again.
All right?
Things error looking a little bit better now.
So now if we navigate to CloudWatch here if I go to metrics all metrics
we can CR custom name space under CloudWatch agent.
Now, this is the default named Space created by this agent,
and it's configurable via the config file for the Asian itself.
So now all of our metrics are going to get pushed under this name space.
Now I'm going to give it a few minutes,
so I'll pause here just so we can actually push apps.
Um, data to CloudWatch.
Okay, you can see are metrics have updated.
Now we have 44.
So if I go into CPU and host we can see now our most recent instance here.
So now we're pushing custom metric data up to CloudWatch off of
our server configured with CloudWatch agent.
You can see we can monitor file system paths as an example.
So if I just monitor route here I can see the utilization on this disc,
you could see it's currently at about 18% and it
actually just recently drop-down.
So our CloudWatch agent is continuously aggregating data and pushing it to
CloudWatch in our AWS account from an on premise server.
It's pretty neat.
Now.
The last thing I want to show here is under law groups.
We have that custom law group that we created called Secure,
and then we have our log stream name, which is our instance,
host name and under here.
You can see we have all types of log messages that error living in
that bar blog secure log file on our instance.
Now that's going to do it.
Hopefully,
you have a pretty firm understanding on how you can configure and use
the CloudWatch agent on your on premise servers.
We'll go ahead and wrap up here and then move on to the module. Wrap up in review